Add OmniGen (#10148)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/omnigen.md

from diffusers import OmniGenPipeline
pipe = OmniGenPipeline.from_pretrained(
    "Shitao/OmniGen-v1-diffusers",
    torch_dtype=torch.bfloat16
)
pipe.to("cuda")
```

For text-to-image, pass a text prompt. By default, OmniGen generates a 1024x1024 image. 
You can try setting the `height` and `width` parameters to generate images with different size.

```py
prompt = "Realistic photo. A young woman sits on a sofa, holding a book and facing the camera. She wears delicate silver hoop earrings adorned with tiny, sparkling diamonds that catch the light, with her long chestnut hair cascading over her shoulders. Her eyes are focused and gentle, framed by long, dark lashes. She is dressed in a cozy cream sweater, which complements her warm, inviting smile. Behind her, there is a table with a cup of water in a sleek, minimalist blue mug. The background is a serene indoor setting with soft natural light filtering through a window, adorned with tasteful art and flowers, creating a cozy and peaceful ambiance. 4K, HD."
image = pipe(
    prompt=prompt,
    height=1024,
    width=1024,
    guidance_scale=3,
    generator=torch.Generator(device="cpu").manual_seed(111),
).images[0]
image
```

> OmniGen supports for multimodal inputs. 
> When the input includes an image, you need to add a placeholder `<img><|image_1|></img>` in the text prompt to represent the image. 
> It is recommended to enable 'use_input_image_size_as_output' to keep the edited image the same size as the original image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OmniGen supports multimodal inputs. 
When the input includes an image, you need to add a placeholder `<img><|image_1|></img>` in the text prompt to represent the image. 
It is recommended to enable `use_input_image_size_as_output` to keep the edited image the same size as the original image.
```
